[Autogenerated] all right, way to go.
You did it.
You made it all the way to the end of this second module in this course,
and we're just gonna end this on a really quick summary.
Now, the first thing we really talked about was cloudwatch.
And what we use cloudwatch for is monitoring in logging needs.
So remember, we're always gonna push all of our logs to cloudwatch.
And then from there we can actually stream those two
different locations like kinesis, a Lambda function,
or even something off site that we can monitor on using metric filters.
And we also use cloudwatch for alarming in notifying us via an SMS
topic when certain metric thresholds were crossed.
The next thing we talked on was implementing cloud trail
for your monitoring in auditing actions.
So we created an enabled our cloud trail trail to really track all of
the events that were going on within our account.
And if you remember, we pushed him to a specific bucket where we encrypted them.
And then we also made sure that they were validated as they were being saved.
And then we took a look at guard duty and inspector.
And how those tools can really offload vulnerability management.
They really allow an automated process to be taken for
all of the tedious vulnerability, scanning and malicious activity monitoring.
And then we just finished up with an I am best practices review touching on
some of the key aspects that AWS recommends themselves.
Now that's gonna do it for the second module.
We're gonna wrap it up and I'll see you in the next one where we're
going to start looking at the different tools that are available to us from managing our storage in AWS.